data/tempCode/likers-blocker/src/Localization.ts:18:3:error(insecure-document-method):		element.innerHTML = message;:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/likers-blocker/src/content/AccountCollector.ts:297:5:error(insecure-document-method):				progressBarLabel.innerHTML = `${this.progressInPercent}%`;:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/likers-blocker/src/content/AccountCollector.ts:360:3:error(insecure-document-method):		this.blockButton.innerHTML = followButton ? followButton.innerHTML : "";:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/likers-blocker/src/content/AccountCollector.ts:370:4:error(insecure-document-method):			blockButtonLabel.innerHTML = i18n.getMessage("ui_block_all");:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/likers-blocker/src/content/AccountCollector.ts:377:3:error(insecure-document-method):		blockIconWrapper.innerHTML = icons.block;:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/likers-blocker/src/content/AccountCollector.ts:406:3:error(insecure-document-method):		includeRetweetersLink.innerHTML = `:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/likers-blocker/src/content/AccountCollector.ts:420:3:error(insecure-document-method):		closeButton.innerHTML = icons.close;:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/likers-blocker/src/content/AccountCollector.ts:436:3:error(insecure-document-method):		finishButton.innerHTML = `${icons.forward}${icons.smile}`;:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/likers-blocker/src/content/AccountCollector.ts:499:3:error(insecure-document-method):		confirmInfo.innerHTML = `<p>${i18n.getMessage(explanationLabel)}</p>`;:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/likers-blocker/src/content/AccountCollector.ts:505:4:error(insecure-document-method):			this.confirmButton.innerHTML = firstOriginalBlockButton.innerHTML;:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/likers-blocker/src/content/AccountCollector.ts:529:3:error(insecure-document-method):		confirmButtonIcon.innerHTML = getLabel("icon");:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/likers-blocker/src/content/AccountCollector.ts:555:3:error(insecure-document-method):		confirmCloseButtonIcon.innerHTML = icons.check;:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/likers-blocker/src/content/AccountCollector.ts:570:3:error(insecure-document-method):		confirmInfo.innerHTML = `<p>${i18n.getMessage("ui_confirm_clicked", [addedCount.toString()])}</p>`;:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/likers-blocker/src/content/AccountCollector.ts:577:3:error(insecure-document-method):		addedCountLabel.innerHTML = `+${addedCount}`;:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/likers-blocker/src/content/AccountCollector.ts:592:3:error(insecure-document-method):		this.confirmMessageElement.innerHTML = `:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/likers-blocker/src/content/AccountCollector.ts:618:3:error(insecure-document-method):		this.popup.innerHTML = content;:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/likers-blocker/src/content/AccountCollector.ts:702:5:error(insecure-document-method):				confirmHeading.innerHTML = i18n.getMessage(:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/likers-blocker/src/content/AccountCollector.ts:787:3:error(insecure-document-method):		footer.innerHTML = `:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/likers-blocker/src/content/AccountCollector.ts:890:3:error(insecure-document-method):		exportBtn.innerHTML = icons.share;:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/likers-blocker/src/content/AccountCollector.ts:934:3:error(insecure-document-method):		warning.innerHTML = `:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/likers-blocker/src/content/TwitterPage.ts:117:15:warning(detect-eval-with-expression):			setTimeout(() => {:Detected use of dynamic execution of JavaScript which may come from user-input, which can lead to Cross-Site-Scripting (XSS). Where possible avoid including user-input in functions which dynamically execute user-input.
data/tempCode/likers-blocker/src/content/TwitterPage.ts:132:15:warning(detect-eval-with-expression):			setTimeout(() => {:Detected use of dynamic execution of JavaScript which may come from user-input, which can lead to Cross-Site-Scripting (XSS). Where possible avoid including user-input in functions which dynamically execute user-input.
data/tempCode/likers-blocker/src/icons.ts:113:4:error(insecure-document-method):			element.outerHTML = icons[element.dataset.icon];:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/likers-blocker/src/options/BlockSpeedSlider.ts:65:2:error(insecure-document-method):	statusMessageLabel.innerHTML = i18n.getMessage(:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/likers-blocker/src/options/BlockSpeedSlider.ts:71:2:error(insecure-document-method):	blockSpeedValueDisplay.innerHTML = value.toString();:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/likers-blocker/src/options/ImportExport.ts:35:6:error(insecure-document-method):					statusMessageSummary.innerHTML = `${icons.checkmark} ${i18n.getMessage(:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/likers-blocker/src/options/ImportExport.ts:43:7:error(insecure-document-method):						statusMessageSummary.innerHTML = `${icons.warn} ${i18n.getMessage("options_import_empty")}`;:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/likers-blocker/src/options/ImportExport.ts:46:7:error(insecure-document-method):						statusMessageSummary.innerHTML = `${icons.error} ${i18n.getMessage(:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/likers-blocker/src/options/ImportExport.ts:50:7:error(insecure-document-method):						errorDetails.innerHTML = error.message;:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/likers-blocker/src/options/ScrollSpeedSlider.ts:52:2:error(insecure-document-method):	scrollSpeedValueDisplay.innerHTML = value.toString();:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/likers-blocker/src/options/options.html:16:4:warning(plaintext-http-link):			<a href="http://twitter.com/settings/blocked/all" data-title="options_include_previously_blocked_hint":This link points to a plaintext HTTP URL. Prefer an encrypted HTTPS URL if possible.
data/tempCode/likers-blocker/src/popup/AdBlockCounter.ts:18:4:error(insecure-document-method):			adBlockCount.innerHTML = blockedAdsCount.toString();:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/likers-blocker/src/popup/BlockLimit.ts:25:4:error(insecure-document-method):			label.innerHTML = i18n.getMessage(:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/likers-blocker/src/popup/BlockMachine.ts:81:5:error(insecure-document-method):				errorSign.innerHTML = `${icons.warn}<span>${i18n.getMessage("popup_unauthenticated")}</span>`;:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/likers-blocker/src/popup/BlockSpeedometer.ts:33:4:error(insecure-document-method):			label.innerHTML = labelText:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/likers-blocker/src/popup/BlockSpeedometer.ts:41:4:error(insecure-document-method):			label.innerHTML = labelText;:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/likers-blocker/src/popup/LoginDisplay.ts:63:3:error(insecure-document-method):		userNameElement.innerHTML = `@${screeName}`;:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/likers-blocker/src/popup/Stats.ts:21:3:error(insecure-document-method):		this.queueListNode.innerHTML = this.queueLength.toLocaleString();:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/likers-blocker/src/popup/Stats.ts:22:3:error(insecure-document-method):		this.blockListNode.innerHTML = this.blockedLength.toLocaleString();:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/likers-blocker/src/popup/popup.ts:45:3:error(insecure-document-method):		versionElement.innerHTML = `v${runtime.getManifest().version}`;:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/likers-blocker/src/popup/popup.ts:100:3:error(insecure-document-method):		a.innerHTML = `<img src="${imageUrl}" />`;:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
