data/tempCode/visual-bookmarks/src/js/components/bookmarks.js:566:9:error(insecure-document-method):        container.innerHTML = /* html */:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/visual-bookmarks/src/js/components/bookmarks.js:874:11:error(insecure-document-method):          container.innerHTML = `<div class="empty-search">üôÅ ${chrome.i18n.getMessage('empty_search')}</div>`;:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/visual-bookmarks/src/js/components/vb-bookmark/index.js:134:5:error(insecure-document-method):    this.innerHTML =:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/visual-bookmarks/src/js/components/vb-bookmark/index.js:179:5:error(insecure-document-method):    this.innerHTML =:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/visual-bookmarks/src/js/components/vb-bookmarks-panel/index.js:99:5:error(insecure-document-method):    this.innerHTML = `<style>${styles}</style>`;:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/visual-bookmarks/src/js/components/vb-bookmarks-panel/index.js:100:5:error(insecure-document-method):    this.panelActions.innerHTML = this.actionsNodes.join('');:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/visual-bookmarks/src/js/components/vb-context-menu/index.js:73:5:error(insecure-document-method):    this.menuNode.innerHTML = list;:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/visual-bookmarks/src/js/components/vb-header/index.js:92:5:error(insecure-document-method):    this.vbPopupSlotBtn.innerHTML = /* html */:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/visual-bookmarks/src/js/components/vb-header/index.js:144:5:error(insecure-document-method):    this.vbPopupContent.innerHTML = SEARCH_ENGINES.map(engine => {:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/visual-bookmarks/src/js/components/vb-header/index.js:399:5:error(insecure-document-method):    this.suggestNode.innerHTML = this.suggestList.map((suggest, index) => {:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/visual-bookmarks/src/js/components/vb-popup/index.js:48:5:error(insecure-document-method):    this.shadowRoot.innerHTML = `<style>${styles}</style>`;:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/visual-bookmarks/src/js/components/vb-scrollup/index.js:44:5:error(insecure-document-method):    this.shadowRoot.innerHTML = `<style>${styles}</style>`;:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/visual-bookmarks/src/js/components/vb-select/index.js:48:5:error(insecure-document-method):    this.selectNode.innerHTML = html.join('');:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/visual-bookmarks/src/js/components/vb-services/index.js:26:5:error(insecure-document-method):    template.innerHTML = `<style>${styles}</style>${this.#prepareTemplate}`;:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/visual-bookmarks/src/js/components/vb-services/index.js:116:5:error(insecure-document-method):    this.grid.innerHTML = htmlList;:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/visual-bookmarks/src/js/components/vb-services/template.html:16:7:warning(django-no-csrf-token):      <form action="#" method="post" class="settings-form">:Manually-created forms in django templates should specify a csrf_token to prevent CSRF attacks
data/tempCode/visual-bookmarks/src/js/components/vb-virtual-pagination/index.js:20:5:error(insecure-document-method):    this.shadowRoot.innerHTML = `<style>${styles}</style>`;:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/visual-bookmarks/src/js/components/vb-virtual-pagination/index.js:91:5:error(insecure-document-method):    this.node.innerHTML = this.buttons.join('');:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/visual-bookmarks/src/js/options.js:42:3:error(insecure-document-method):  window.settings.innerHTML = displaySettings(settingsList);:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/visual-bookmarks/src/js/options.js:229:7:error(insecure-document-method):      document.getElementById('preview_upload').innerHTML = /* html */:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/visual-bookmarks/src/js/options.js:347:3:error(insecure-document-method):  document.getElementById('preview_upload').innerHTML = /* html */:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/visual-bookmarks/src/js/options.js:442:3:error(insecure-document-method):  select.innerHTML = SEARCH_ENGINES.map(engine => {:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
data/tempCode/visual-bookmarks/src/js/utils/index.js:13:5:error(insecure-document-method):    element.innerHTML = children[0].html;:User controlled data in methods like `innerHTML`, `outerHTML` or `document.write` is an anti-pattern that can lead to XSS vulnerabilities
